update: Refactor code samples and add Groovy build scripts (#2716)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/ksp/ksp-quickstart.md

[//]: # (title: KSP quickstart)

> For a quick start, you can create your own processor or get a [sample one](https://github.com/google/ksp/releases/download/1.5.30-1.0.0/playground.zip).

Reviewer: Oops, I missed the comment in the above. The sample dir is maintained to match the latest release instead of master/main branch. I think it is fine to keep using it?

> For a quick start, you can create your own processor or get a [sample one](https://github.com/google/ksp/releases/download/1.5.30-1.0.0/playground.zip).

Author: Indeed, I messed something up here. [Fixed.](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin-web-site/pull/2716/commits/fef66bb725235700a2f84b84b6a86a756d9ee346)

> For a quick start, you can create your own processor or get a [sample one](https://github.com/google/ksp/releases/download/%kspSupportedKotlinVersion%-%kspVersion%/playground.zip).

Author: There is no sample for the latest version, so we need to keep the hardcoded version here.

Author: Hardcoded in [this commit](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin-web-site/pull/2716/commits/e93111e82f23994106cde233abc6ca08fc56cf38).

> For a quick start, you can create your own processor or get a [sample one](https://github.com/google/ksp/releases/download/%kspSupportedKotlinVersion%-%kspVersion%/playground.zip).

Author: ```suggestion
For a quick start, you can create your own processor or get a [sample one](https://github.com/google/ksp/releases/download/1.5.31-1.0.0/playground.zip).
```

}
```

</tab>
<tab title="Groovy" group-key="groovy">

```groovy
plugins {
    id 'com.google.devtools.ksp' version '%kspSupportedKotlinVersion%-%kspVersion%'
    id 'org.jetbrains.kotlin.jvm' version '%kotlinVersion%'
}

> 

Author: Thanks, [fixed](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin-web-site/pull/2716/commits/ac204ca5bce20b5949506b88ed3aae4c782a3de6).
